Create single-file provider plugin binaries (#6)
pulumi/pulumi-component-provider-ts-boilerplate: README.md

An example of using the `StaticPage` component in TypeScript is in `examples/simple`.

> Note that the provider plugin (`pulumi-resource-xyz`) must be on your `PATH` to be used by Pulumi deployments. In this case, `pulumi-resource-xyz` is a platform-specific binary that includes its nodejs dependency along with the provider code, created using [nexe](https://github.com/nexe/nexe). By default, running `make install` will create the binary specific to your host environment, but you can override the binary target by passing in `make install target=<targe-string>` where `target-string` is a [valid nexe target](https://github.com/nexe/nexe#target-string--object).

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
Note that the provider plugin (`pulumi-resource-xyz`) must be on your `PATH` to be used by Pulumi deployments. In this case, `pulumi-resource-xyz` is a platform-specific binary that includes its Node.js dependency along with the provider code, created using [nexe](https://github.com/nexe/nexe). By default, running `make install` will create the binary specific to your host environment, but you can override the binary target by passing in `make install target=<targe-string>` where `target-string` is a [valid nexe target](https://github.com/nexe/nexe#target-string--object).
```
